Here are all possible detailed issues that we will address based on our oberservations of Auctus's performance 
on the 101 datasets we browsed through. Each of this issue will be used to generate a special function to solve 
that edge cases. In the end, we combine them together with the basic_profiling.py file.

(1) datamart_profiler only tags a temporal column if the data represents a specific moment in time(like year:2020, but not October 3 since the year is unknown).
Thus, we have a order of year-month-day-hour-minite-second, and only all previous terms are detected when we treat the columns having temporal data.
To achieve this, we just need to add an extra layer to bypass this logic and detect all possible terms without needing to be a specific moment.
Thus is usedful when a complete timestamp is spreaded into multiple columns.

For Hire Vehicles (FHV) - Active
For Hire Vehicles (FHV) - Active Drivers
Motor Vehicle Collisions - Crashes
Medallion Drivers - Active
Street Hail Livery (SHL) Drivers - Active
Medallion Vehicles - Authorized
NYPD Complaint Data Historic
Street Hail Livery (SHL) Permits
OATH Hearings Division Case Status
NYPD Complaint Data Current (Year To Date)
FHV Base Aggregate Report
Medallion Vehicles - Inactive
CURRENT BASES
NYPD Shooting Incident Data
Workforce1 Recruitment Events
2019 DOE High School Directory (8:20am)


(6)The actual temporal data is accompanied by natural language texts.We could potentially combine 
column names with whether the data strings contain datetime format substring. Along with a threshold,
the false positive rate might not be that high.

Air Quality


(7)The actual temporal data is represented by a range(like year 2005-2007),not a specific moment.
We may need to add a special regular expression to represent datetime ranges along with a threshold.

Air Quality
Queens Library Branches


(9 Probably has something to do with too many invalid entries or same formats?

Medallion Vehicles - Inactive:Expiration Date: 
M/WBE,LBE...: Cert_Renewal_Date: empty entries + dublicate timestamps in one entry



(11)Open Streets Locations: extreme edge case: multiple times associated with days of the week.


(13) Columns treated as numeric first
J-51: two years columns treated as numeric instead of year(temporal)
2018 central park Squirrel Census - Squirrel Data: actual timestamp without "-" treated as number
Expense Budget: Fiscal year
Medallion Vehicles - Inactive: Model Year
Parking Violations Issued - Fiscal Year 
Popular Baby Names: Year of Birth
Civil List: calenday year
DOB ECB Violations: Served Data
Medallion Vehicles - Authorized: Model year
